README.md, before:

# AutoNest v0.3

AutoNest is a semantic Python code assistant that automatically finds the best place to insert or extend code within an existing project. It supports GPT-based and local semantic analysis, backup versioning, and includes a GUI and CLI interface.

## Features
- Intelligent code insertion & extension
- Backup with versioned sessions
- GUI with semantic color feedback
- GPT-compatible modular structure
- Restore tool with file recovery
- Plugin system for custom rules
- URL fetching utility via `utils.network_scanner`

See full documentation inside the `/core` and `/interface` directories.

## Requirements
Install the Python packages listed in `requirements.txt` before running AutoNest. Use:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage
Run the GUI:
```
python interface/autonest_gui.py
```
Run the CLI:
```
python interface/autonest_cli.py
```
Use the restore tool to recover backups:
```
python interface/restore_tool.py
```
After installing with `setup.py`, you can also launch the GUI using the
`autonest-gui` command provided by the console script entry point.
### About the Author

This is my very first Python project. I built AutoNest to learn,
Feedback, ideas, and improvements are welcome!

## Configuration
Edit `config.json` to configure backup location, GPT usage and a default project path.
You can also set the environment variable `AUTONEST_USE_GPT` ("1" or "0") to
override the `use_gpt` option temporarily.

## Running Tests
Install dev dependencies and run:
```
pytest -v
```

## Continuous Integration
This project uses GitHub Actions to run `black`, `flake8` and the test suite on each push.

Commit message:

Handle plugin rule loading failures

README.md, after:

# AutoNest v0.3

AutoNest is a semantic Python code assistant that automatically finds the best place to insert or extend code within an existing project. It supports GPT-based and local semantic analysis, backup versioning, and includes a GUI and CLI interface.

## Features
- Intelligent code insertion & extension
- Backup with versioned sessions
- GUI with semantic color feedback
- GPT-compatible modular structure
- Restore tool with file recovery
- Plugin system for custom rules
- URL fetching utility via `utils.network_scanner`

## Plugins
Plugins live in `plugins/` and provide additional rule sets. During loading,
AutoNest calls each plugin's `get_rules()` function. If this call raises an
exception, the plugin is skipped and a warning is emitted.

See full documentation inside the `/core` and `/interface` directories.

## Requirements
Install the Python packages listed in `requirements.txt` before running AutoNest. Use:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage
Run the GUI:
```
python interface/autonest_gui.py
```
Run the CLI:
```
python interface/autonest_cli.py
```
Use the restore tool to recover backups:
```
python interface/restore_tool.py
```
After installing with `setup.py`, you can also launch the GUI using the
`autonest-gui` command provided by the console script entry point.
### About the Author

This is my very first Python project. I built AutoNest to learn,
Feedback, ideas, and improvements are welcome!

## Configuration
Edit `config.json` to configure backup location, GPT usage and a default project path.
You can also set the environment variable `AUTONEST_USE_GPT` ("1" or "0") to
override the `use_gpt` option temporarily.

## Running Tests
Install dev dependencies and run:
```
pytest -v
```

## Continuous Integration
This project uses GitHub Actions to run `black`, `flake8` and the test suite on each push.
